Jeremy Narin (301429985)
IAT 355 - Assignment 2

Welcome to my Website! This website was coded using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and was created in 2 days. The purpose of my website is to represent my work in the form of an online portfolio. It serves as a showcase of my work, skills, education, experience, and shares a little bit of myself and how you can connect with me! 

The main objective of my portfolio is to highlight my passion for developing and design. Web development is a topic I am very passionate about, I hope my website is an accurate representation of the developing skills I've learned throughout university. Apart from web development, I am also very interested in AI, as I am aspiring to work in either fields. Frankly, I used AI (ChatGPT) to help with the development of my site, more specifically, with some of the JavaScript portion that is incorporated (More details at the bottom of main.js). I also used other online sources to help refresh my JavaScript skills as I am a bit rusty. Nonetheless, I think AI and Web development are great and useful instruments, hence is why I want to pursue them.

As for the portfolio, I've divided my website into multiple sections that share different parts about me. I incorporated a header that'll better help navigate users throughout my website. By utilizing flex-boxes and columns, I programmed my website to be easy to navigate via scrolling or through the header. Apart from the written/on-paper info about myself, I also incorporated a separate visualization page (accessible through the top right of the screen), that captivates other skills I have.

Through this platform, I aim to share my skills, my character, and act as a means to create connections within the AI and Web Development communities. Thank you for visiting! :)